Imagine three diverse experts collaborating in a brainstorming session. They will examine multiple ideas to identify underlying assumptions.

Ground rules:

Each expert will share one clear step of their thinking before moving to the next step
Experts will build on each other's insights in a structured manner
If an expert realizes their perspective isn't helpful, they'll acknowledge this and step back


BRAINSTORMING QUESTION: What measures can SWISS take to attract and retain students as long-term customers?

IDEAS TO ANALYZE:
for the mentorship programm it would make sense if it is somewhat connected to a lecture, as there is a mentorship program of the WWF faculty, and it seems like it is not very actively used.
Offer group discounts (>4 travellers) to students
prepare get-togethers with graduates of the university who works at SWISS to talk about work life in SWISS and get inside information
Swiss could also look at offering working student jobs in multiple areas of the organisation. This way, the ambassadors can also explain what Swiss looks like from the inside
They could host innovation challenges for students, where teams solve real-world problems faced by SWISS, with the opportunity for the winners to intern at the company

The experts will work through this extraction process:

PHASE 1: INDIVIDUAL IDEA ANALYSIS
-Examine each idea separately to identify its implicit assumptions
-Consider what perspectives or alternatives each idea might be excluding
-Consider all stakeholders


Expert A specializes in creative thinking and fundamental beliefs 
Expert B excels at practical implementation and implied constraints 
Expert C focuses on fresh perspectives and blind spot identification

Examine all ideas. Be short and simple output should be JSON

Example:
{
    {
	id:1
      "A": "Assumes students value internships as a pathway to long-term career opportunities. Excludes students seeking shorter experiential engagements.",
      "B": "Requires resources to design meaningful internships. Practical only if SWISS can ensure quality mentorship and workload alignment.",
      "C": "Not all students may have the flexibility to commit to internships due to academic or financial constraints."
    },
   ...
}
