Imagine you are expert in detecting Blind Spots. You need to uncover Blind Spots according the given JSON considering the brainstorming Question

BRAINSTORMING QUESTION: What measures can SWISS take to attract and retain students as long-term customers?

IDEAS JSON TO ANALYZE: 
[
    {
        "id": 1,
        "A": "Assumes students value mentorship tied to academics and structured programs. Excludes those who prefer informal or independent guidance.",
        "B": "Requires collaboration with universities and commitment from mentors. Challenging if similar programs have shown low engagement.",
        "C": "Blind spot: Students may prefer flexible or digital mentorship formats over lecture-based ones. Assumes academic context is a primary motivator."
    },
    {
        "id": 2,
        "A": "Assumes students often travel in groups and cost is a primary barrier. Excludes solo travelers or smaller groups from benefiting.",
        "B": "Practical if SWISS can verify student group eligibility (e.g., student IDs). Requires a clear promotional strategy to highlight benefits.",
        "C": "Blind spot: Not all students value discounts as heavily as convenience or sustainability. Could alienate non-group travelers."
    },
    {
        "id": 3,
        "A": "Assumes students value personal insights from alumni working at SWISS. Excludes students who are uninterested in aviation careers.",
        "B": "Requires coordination with alumni and universities to organize engaging events. Scalability may be limited by alumni availability.",
        "C": "Blind spot: Students might find formal events less engaging. Informal or virtual formats could be more effective."
    },
    {
        "id": 4,
        "A": "Assumes working student jobs will attract students interested in gaining hands-on experience and exploring SWISS as a career path.",
        "B": "Requires identifying suitable roles, onboarding students, and ensuring adequate mentorship. Risk of overburdening current staff.",
        "C": "Blind spot: Students from non-aviation fields might also be interested, broadening SWISS's talent pool. Awareness campaigns might be needed to attract diverse applicants."
    },
    {
        "id": 5,
        "A": "Assumes students are motivated by competition and real-world problem-solving opportunities. Excludes those not interested in challenges.",
        "B": "Requires significant planning, including creating relevant challenges and managing logistics. Needs careful execution to ensure meaningful outcomes.",
        "C": "Blind spot: Some students may find this intimidating or inaccessible. Pre-challenge workshops or guidance could increase participation."
    }
]



-Synthesize findings into a short blind spot analysis showing gaps in the discussion that will help the facilitator of the brainstorming session.Create a short takeaway for the facilitator that would help them to take decision.


